README.md, before:

# Mexico road signs preset for RoadSigns JOSM plugin


[RoadSigns] (https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/JOSM/Plugins/RoadSigns) is a plugin for JOSM that offers a GUI for selecting traffic signs from a list of coutry presets. You simple click on the road sign images and you can generate combinations of signs and tagging suggestions. The plugin as is has limited number of presets. So I created the Mexico road signs preset.

## RoadSignsMX installation 

To install the Mexico preset follow these instructions:
<br />
1. Search for the following key entry <code>'''plugin.roadsigns.presets'''</code> in the JOSM advanced preferences. (available in expert mode).
2. Click on the '''Edit''' button in the lower left of the window.
3. Click the '''+''' button to add a new entry.
4. Select the new entry and add the following keys/values. Where PATH is the URI where you have installed this preset.   

| Key          | Value                       |
|--------------|-----------------------------|
| code         | MX                          |
| display-name | Mexico                      |
| preset-path  | <PATH>/roadsignpresetMX.xml |
| icon-path    | <PATH>/images/              |

## Additional Information

For more information please contact the developer [Manuel delaTorre] (https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/mdelatorre OpenStreet User Profile)

Commit message:

Fixes to links syntax and adding development stage

README.md, after:

# Mexico road signs preset for RoadSigns JOSM plugin

[RoadSigns](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/JOSM/Plugins/RoadSigns) is a plugin for **JOSM** that offers a GUI for selecting traffic signs from a list of coutry presets. You simple click on the road sign images and you can generate combinations of signs and tagging suggestions. The plugin has limited number of presets. So I created the Mexico road signs preset. :mexico:

## RoadSignsMX installation 

To install the Mexico preset follow these instructions:
<br />
1. Search for the following key entry <code>'''plugin.roadsigns.presets'''</code> in the JOSM advanced preferences. (available in expert mode).
2. Click on the '''Edit''' button in the lower left of the window.
3. Click the '''+''' button to add a new entry.
4. Select the new entry and add the following keys/values. Where PATH is the URI where you have installed this preset.   

| Key          | Value                       |
|--------------|-----------------------------|
| code         | MX                          |
| display-name | Mexico                      |
| preset-path  | <PATH>/roadsignpresetMX.xml |
| icon-path    | <PATH>/images/              |

## Development stage

> STAGE: Implementation & Coding :orange_circle:

The preset curently is functional but still there are mexican road signs to be added. I encourage you to use it and tell me any errors or mistakes you find.

## Additional Information

For more information please contact the developer [Manuel delaTorre](https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/mdelatorre "Manuel OSM profile")
